Thanks for licensing an Altered Ego font.Altered Ego are fonts designed exclusively by Brian Sooy, formerly marketed through the Sooy Type Foundry. With the exception of Verveª, these fonts are exclusively available through an Altered Ego distributor, or direct at www.alteredegofonts.com.If your fonts have an STF extension, it signifies they are part of the Sooy Type Foundry Collection. Releases after December 2001 will be branded with the ® (Altered Ego) suffix.Please review your licensing agreement. Your font will be licensed for a specific number of CPUs and imaging devices based upon your purchase, and reflected on your invoice. Your purchase receipt will be proof of number of CPUs this software is licensed for. An additional imaging bureau license is necessary to send a font along to a print for imaging. Embedding of any kind is prohibited per the license agreement unless you have purchased rights to do so per the agreement.>>Combat Piracy!! Please do not re-distribute this font software illegally!<<Visit http://www.typeright.org to learn about the ethical use of font software.STF Mac and PC Type 1 Fonts are compatible with Adobe Type Manager, and should be loaded through the ATM Control Panel (on a PC) or placed into the folder where your fonts reside for access by ATM (on a Mac).TrueType fonts can be managed by ATM (recommended) or installed directly into your system.Note that Quark Xpress Macintosh has difficulty recognizing the Euro when a PC Quark file is opened that contains this character. It is not the font, the problem is with Quark Xpress. Please email mactech@quark.com and notify them of this issue! When a PC-created QX document is opened on the Macintosh, the Euro is replaced by the ­ (not equal) sign.All ® text fonts contain the Euro symbol.**FREE** Stuffit Expander at http://www.aladdinsys.comYou can contact Altered Ego Fonts atwww.alteredegofonts.cominfo@alteredegofonts.com+1 440 322 5142 tel+1 440 322 5108 faxAltered Ego Fonts419 Hampton DriveElyria, Ohio 44035-8805USA