Test Pilot Collective User License Agreement-----------------------------------------------------------By downloading, purchasing, or installing Test Pilot Collective fonts, you accept the terms and conditions of this license agreement. In return for a license to use Test Pilot Collective fonts, you agree to the following terms and conditions.1.	Uses that are OK:  Test Pilot Collective licenses each font for use on one printer or output device linked with a maximum of five computers of the same platform at one immediate location. If you need to use a Test Pilot Collective font on more than five computers at one location please contact Test Pilot Collective at info@testpilotcollective.com and we will quote you a price based on the number of computers and output devices at your location. You agree to use Test Pilot Collective fonts solely for your own business or personal purposes.2.	No unauthorized copying:  You may not copy or duplicate Test Pilot Collective fonts in any form (except for backup purposes within 30 days of purchase) unless you get written permission from Test Pilot Collective. You can not store your typefaces on a server that anyone has access to unless your license permits otherwise.3.	Uses that are NOT OK:  You are not allowed to adapt, embed, translate, modify, reverse engineer or create derivitive works based on Test Pilot Collective fonts.  Test Pilot Collective specializes in custom fonts on a regular basis.Contact us at  info@testpilotcollective.com for more info on custom font design and development.4.	Who owns what:  Test Pilot Collective retains title and ownership of the fonts and all subsequent copies of the software, wherever those copies may exist. Except as stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any rights to intellectual property rights in the fonts. You are purchasing a license to use the typeface.5.	Credit where credit's due:  You agree to acknowledge Test Pilot Collective as the trademark and copyright owner of Test Pilot Collective fonts and list the Test Pilot Collective font names whenever design, production, or other credits are shown. You agree not to infringe on Test Pilot Collective's trademarks or tradenames.6.	Limited warranty for a font:  Test Pilot Collective makes no warranties expressed or implied as to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or otherwise.  Test Pilot Collective does not warrant the performance or results you get from using the software. 7.	Terms:  This license is effective until terminated. Test Pilot Collective has the right to terminate your license immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this agreement.  Within 10 days after termination of this agreement, you agree to destroy all copies of the licensed font and to certify to Test Pilot Collective by e-mail at info@testpilotcollective.com that you have done so.8.	Limit of liability:  In no event will Test Pilot Collective be liable to you for any consequential or incidental damages, including any lost revenue, profits, goodwill or savings, or for any claim by any third party.For more information about Test Pilot Collective, please visit our website.http://www.testpilotcollective.comemail: info@testpilotcollective.comThank you!